In his Book “Amusing Ourselves to Death”, Postman contends the effect of television, as a medium of information, has a profound impact on how knowledge and information is perceived and spreaded. He believes that this shift is concerning and may destroy America’s culture. In previous chapters, he insists that shifting from print to television has changed Americans’ cultural preference from contextualized knowledge and logical thinking to more fragmented and entertaining information. In chapter 7, he introduced the concept of “disinformation” and “misinformation”, which furthered his argument on why television has a worrisome effect on Americans. 
	According to Postman, disinformation is the key concern posed by television. Television creates disinformation by giving its audience information that “creates the illusion of knowing something” (Postman 107) but instead leading people away from actually learning. This disinformation, as said by Postman, is caused by the fragmented, uncontextualized contents from the television, thus gradually altering people’s sense of “being informed” (Postman 107). On the other hand, misinformation, different to disinformation, is just false information being given to the people. Disinformation may not be incorrect, but it is pieces of information misplaced. Unlike misinformation, disinformation is unprecedented in history, as Postman claimed that “it has been demonstrated many times that a culture can survive misinformation and false opinion. It has not yet been demonstrated whether a culture can survive if it takes the measure of the world in twenty-two minutes.” (Postman 113) While misinformation does not stop a culture from thinking and pursuing intelligence, disinformation creates an illusory intelligence, making people content from the information fed by television and other new, invasive media. Postman feels confident that people always have ways to combat false information, as they can refer to what has been done throughout history but he felt unsure if the Americans today can survive from a media that focus on entertaining rather than serious thinking. Thus, the difference of disinformation from mis information highlighted Postman’s concern of an unparalleled challenge faced by people during his era – whether contemporary American culture will keep its tradition of public discourse or will it be lead astray by television to value entertainment more than intelligence. 
Today, as we move from television to the Internet and social media, concerns similar to that of Postman’s still exist. Social medias compete against each other for user’s time, attracting people to spend more time in the app. Attention became a valuable resource since more attention means spending more time scrolling through an app and higher possibility of clicking into ads, which in turn became profits. As people’s attention is being distracted by multiple social app, they spend less time on one article or video, resulting in receiving even more fragmented information than in the television era. However, hope still exists, as there start to be voices saying people got distracted to much and it is harder now for them to sit down and read a book than ever. As such arguments persist, more will start to realize the importance of getting contextualized information and make deep critical thinking, and we may expect to see the culture begin to adapt itself to both intellectual and entertaining information. 
